stocks are at all-time highs and
insiders are selling their shares you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you we need to understand
what's actually happening here is this
Panic selling or is this all part of the
everyday strategy of the executives the
CEOs of these big companies I'm going to
look into the depths of this and I'm
going to give you the details that you
need to know you make the right
decisions for yourself let me begin
without wasting any time you could see
what goes on with insiders selling I'll
give you all the details in the charts
theal Bezos Zuckerberg join a parade of
insiders selling tech stocks bosses sell
hundreds of millions of dollars in
company shares this quarter in a sign
that the market may be peing so we have
had this before I've done videos about
it you've probably seen the Articles as
well being written all about this big
name or that big name selling off their
shares it's not a small am
and we have to understand this in
context with history there are times in
which insiders like Tim Cook will sell a
lot of shares this is not the first time
this has happened but we are seeing a
concentration of that right here now in
2024 it's important to note as well part
of the compensation of these big guys is
the fact that they get to certain levels
in their stock price and they they are
able to get that as compensation so they
can sell this happens at this time um
during you know basically this bubble
that we've been seeing and of course
they're reaping the rewards of that
they're going to take their cash out
they're going to take the money and run
you know how it works uh they want to be
able to capitalize on that and this is
for obvious reasons okay I don't blame
them Peter the Jeff Bezos Mark
Zuckerberg are leading a parade of
corporate insiders who have sold hundred
millions of dollars of their companies
shares this quarter in a signal that the
recent stock market exuberance could be
peaking as Market hit the record highs
the ratio this is the important part of
corporate Insider selling to Insider
buying is at the highest level since the
first quarter of
2021 it's that ratio of buys to sells
yes some are still buying this happens
some are not selling but when we look at
that ratio it is flashing a warning
signal stock sales at the beginning of
the calendar year are normal with pent
up demand in early 2024 being
exacerbated by shareholders avoiding
sales last year because of the depressed
company valuations analysts said the
season spree hasn't been surpris has
been surprising excuse me and an
indicator that the recent Tech Bull Run
fueled by excitement over the rise of
generative artificial intelligence we're
not even close to to that at all um is
about to Wine I don't know I can't tell
you if that is actually the truth but I
know that a lot of this stimulation that
we've been seeing has been focused
around the idea that AI is going to
change everything and Nvidia is right at
the front and center of that is this a
bubble is this something that will you
know look will look back on this and
think oh that was barely just the
beginning and the valuations go many
times higher in the near future what is
your opinion on this I would really like
to know you might be asking the question
how can I tell on my own on any given
day how to find Insider buys and sells
well I have a video on my channel that
breaks that all down you could see it
for yourself if you go to the channel
and you uh scroll down into the
playlists there is one there with Jeff
picture of Jeff Bezos and it says how to
find out about The Insider buys and
sells okay it's right there for you I
did that for you they they are all
listed because every Insider must
disclose when they are buying or selling
at any given time so you're going to be
able to find out about that information
absolutely whenever you desire just
understand that what we're seeing right
now is a you know basically a warning
signal that valuations are potentially
too high Insider selling in tech stocks
hit the highest level in 3 years not the
highest level ever but it's still
significant so when we get to these
Peaks insiders tend to sell more and of
course when they go down significantly
insiders may decide okay Now's the Time
I can start buying this up again they
don't necessarily even have to do
anything um because depending on their
compensation maybe they are given stocks
and they simply don't sell them in the
case of Tim
a while back he was given $300 million
worth of shares and immediately the
following day sold every single one all
right so it depends on what they want to
do where they going to put that cash
many of the biggest sales this quarter
have come from Tech Executives um and
you could see that you got Bezos
obviously selling $8 billion worth which
is unbelievable and now we got to see
where are they investing because what is
better if you're telling me that AI is
the next big thing if you're telling me
that I should be investing in the apples
and the Amazon and the Nvidia and so on
well then why are these insiders selling
those shares wouldn't it make sense if
that's going to be the highest
appreciating asset that I would want to
own that is that what they want to do
because they want to be also Super Rich
right well that's their goal
right you decide you tell
me um look at this it just basically
says clearly there's an appetite for
liquidity generation right now some of
that pent up demand following relatively
quiet Insider selling in 22 and 23 and
certainly one impetus is a stock market
performance and that's what they're
doing right they want to cash out as the
stocks have been going higher and you
could see the market cap of the largest
stocks relative to the 75th percentile
just all this is showing us is that a
few names are still the ones carrying it
all I saw another chart that
showed all of the buys like when you
look at the actual data itself all of
the buying that's been taking place over
the last few months has been in tech
stocks it's it's
overwhelming over the last few months
where tech stocks have been carrying
this all and you might say yes Tech is
the new thing Tech is growing Tech is
going to be more useful in the future
not less useful but there has to be a
balance that's not a good sign what is
going on here well there are individuals
like leather jacket man and this is
funny for anybody who's been following
me recently you know about leather
jacket man and he Now debut a new
$99,000 Lizard embossed leather jacket
and he also says something about AIG
gpus
so this is uh funny by the way if you
want to get it for 40% off um Link in
the
description it's crazy it's $99,000
leather jacket that he's wearing and
this is part of the whole style this is
what they do they create a Persona they
come up on stage and they sell you on
something they might sell you on this
and it might be a good thing you might
see Nvidia stock double from here I'm
not saying it's not but you got to
understand this in the grand scheme of
things leather jacket and
$99,000 jacket all right
Zuckerberg Zuckerberg is doing very well
meta stock went up like crazy Zuckerberg
buys a yacht okay not that he needed the
stock to go up like crazy to buy that
yacht but here we go so this is um
apparently was purchased in or built in
2022 and uh it it's not confirmed to be
his but they believe that it is this was
crazy so it can support 24 guests
okay but it requires a crew of
48 and not only that but $30 million a
year to keep this running okay these
beasts anybody with a mega yacht has a
lot of money private jet not as much in
fact it's the mega yacht that requires
much much more Capital so just keep that
in mind I think it said it was the uh
45th approximately 45th or 48th biggest
yacht in the world congratulations to
Mark Zuckerberg see they're doing
something with their with their shares
one guy one guy's buying $9,000 leather
jackets another guy's buying a yacht
here you can see what BuyBacks stock
BuyBacks have been doing to the S&P 500
you see according to the data itself
27% of S&P 500 returns since 200 11 are
driven by
BuyBacks
27% so a massive chunk of the
performance of the S&P 500 the stock
market has been purely because of the
stock BuyBacks and I would argue even
more it's really more than that because
there's of course the KnockOn effects of
this so you got to understand when a
company buys back their own shares they
drive the price
higher when the price goes higher the
Insiders say I'm going to cash out I'm
going to buy a $9,000 jacket and I'm
going to party like it's $1
1999 they are the ones taking the most
Advantage doesn't mean that you can't
also take advantage not saying that but
they're taking the most advantage of the
circumstance they already cash out they
already did that okay some of their
stocks
anyway um look looking at this what is
extremely important to note is the S&P
500 or you can look at the Willshire you
can look at all the different ones but
we're basically looking at the total
market cap that's the green line and
comparing that with the US Reserve
balances with federal reserve banks okay
this is the excess Reserve so think
about this your Commercial Bank all
right you you deposit your money in the
Commercial Bank the Commercial Bank has
to keep a Reserve they keep that at the
FED that you know that cash they're
keeping at the FED there it happens to
be very accurate um you know the
correlation between that and the stock
market however is completely and
entirely dislocated from that today and
that usually means when we least expect
it that starts to change now reserves
can go up dramatically or the stock
prices can go down down or one can go
kind of sideways for a while while the
other one fits in but they got to meet
up at some point we're going to see what
happens this is very precarious to say
the
least if you are interested in all of
this in depth two hours every Friday I
cover this the people that are in that
group are at the Forefront of this
information I spend two in fact over two
hours every Friday and if you're like I
can't do Friday or whatever you get the
recordings they go in the secure drive
you get access to that you've got to be
aware of what's going on right now
because you're going to be able to take
advantage the people in these groups are
and have been taking advantage of the
information that I give and I hope that
you will join up hit that thumbs up
button on the way out if you want to
know any more information Link in the
description right down there near the
like button and of course as all always
don't forget to come back tomorrow take
care